I'm in what are you gonna bet oh okay
well I think we should let Phoebe decide
because she's the only one who's
impartial and she's so pretty okay um oh
wow I have a game okay this is great
what's the game once again um well it
doesn't have a name okay Phoebe ball no
it doesn't have a name okay Monica what
is your favorite thing about trees
they're green good good five points
all right Joey same question uh they're
tall oh three points both financers but
we're looking for leafy leafy that's not
even a game shut up we're winning you
want to finish this right now we get a
deck of cards high card wins what do you
say fine let's do it oh I have cards
okay yeah here oh no these are the trick
deck okay here yeah hmm okay okay you
guys you guys pick first
okay okay for doctor one we are hey
Phoebe you look I can't do it what makes
you think I can hey why are you
screaming and hugging
okay country one our bar feedback yes
ace is hi Jack Queen King ace no ace is
low ace two three four I don't know
let's pick again pick again okay okay
come on apartment come on apartment I
know queen is high
not as high as it worked
King we pick again we pick again why I
don't know
tickets please oh that's courtside baby
serious a good game no good dear what
are they so mad about they got the
apartment back no they didn't